
# idea 1

This is about Artificial Intelligence plus os kernel to have a better performance in any kinds of occasion, especially in emergency.

Using a machine learning model which can give instruction to os kernel by which we can make os have the ability that responsing to us is based on real time human order and environment and other factors which aim at giving us necessary help. During the time that model  giving kernel instructions, we must ensure Security in case model gives wrong command or we have to do it by ourselves.


# idea 2 （important）

This is about a bootloader and micro OS.

When we faces with emergency that makes our system crashed, we may want to reboot machine immediately. That is a common scenario. But what different is sometime we don't want reboot the whole system, we just need some sub-function of the machine. And in order to have a quicker reaction to handle the case we are facing with, I don't know if we can just load some sub-system so that we dealing with the situation seem like that our the system had not shut down.

That's a kind of situation. There are some other state that I think can also work out by this idea. When the system crashed, the condition needed to restart the system may not exist any more, but there are some electronic device that actually would do help in the case. So if there is a micro bootloader and micro os to help us detect all the electronic unit and re-enable the critical device, then we can keep going on with the bad circumstance.
